Added installation instructions for Ubuntu 20.04 or earlier (#831)
ogham/exa: README.md

On Ubuntu 20.10 (Groovy Gorilla) and later, install the [`exa`](https://packages.ubuntu.com/groovy/exa) package.

    $ sudo apt install exa
    

> On Ubuntu 20.04 (Focal Fossa) and earlier, make and change into a temp directory 
>     $ mkdir temp && cd temp 
> 
> Download the zip file and extract the files.
>     $ wget https://github.com/ogham/exa/releases/download/v0.10.0/exa-linux-x86_64-v0.10.0.zip && unzip exa-linux-x86_64-v0.10.0.zip

Reviewer: You need a line between text and the code block for it to render correctly.

```suggestion
On Ubuntu 20.04 (Focal Fossa) and earlier, make and change into a temp directory:

    $ mkdir temp && cd temp 

Download the zip file and extract the files:

    $ wget https://github.com/ogham/exa/releases/download/v0.10.0/exa-linux-x86_64-v0.10.0.zip && unzip exa-linux-x86_64-v0.10.0.zip
```

> Move the files to the required directories.
>     
>     $sudo mv  bin/exa  /usr/bin/ && sudo mv  man/exa/* /usr/share/man/man1 && sudo mv exa/exa/completions/* /etc/bash_completion.d
>     
>     $sudo mv /etc/bash_completion.d/completions.fish  /usr/share/fish/vendor_completions.d/
>     
>     $sudo mv /etc/bash_completion.d/completions.zsh  /usr/share/zsh/vendor-completions/
> 
>     

Reviewer: - Use `cp` since it’s more usual.
- There are two man pages now
- completions should be named differently depending on the shell
- `site-functions` is the appropriate directory nowadays for zsh completions

```suggestion
Copy the files to the required directories:
    
    $ sudo cp bin/exa /usr/bin/
    $ sudo cp man/exa.1 /usr/share/man/man1 && sudo cp man/exa_colors.5 /usr/share/man/man5
    $ sudo cp completions/completions.bash /etc/bash_completion.d/exa
    $ sudo cp completions/completions.fish /usr/share/fish/vendor_completions.d/exa.fish
    $ sudo cp completions/completions.zsh /usr/share/zsh/site-functions/_exa
```
